[MUSIC]
>> Brian Holt: So, grouping.
We kinda talked a little bit
about this with our car example.
But let's look at another example of this,
right?
It's a good idea to group
like ideas together.
So if you were doing a blog post the kind
of the semantic that makes sense kind of
idea is to group every blog post together.
You have blog post one and
it is contained in its own container and
your blog post two and
its contained in it's own container.
Is to group like things together.
>> Brian Holt: All right, so.
>> Brian Holt: This is a lot of text.
You kind of get the point.
Let's just make this a lot bigger.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, so
this is just a contrived example, and
notice I have blog post one and
I have blog post two, right.
And they just both have a bunch of
Lorem ipsum text in there, right?
Lorem ipsum text for
those of you not familiar is essentially
text that is there to hold space but
it doesn't actually mean anything.
It's just meant to be a non-distraction
but there for styling purposes.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, so
I have a div right here, right?
And this div encompasses this h1 and
another div, right?
And inside of that div,
I have all of my paragraphs, right?
So I'm kind of grouping those together,
right,
because the h1 is different
than the paragraphs.
And the divs, this div right here,
encompasses all of the text.
So notice that I'm using divs just to
kind of group like ideas together, right?
So this is the first div and
it encompasses one blog post and
there's the second div here that
encloses the second blog post.
And I also have div's
encompassing these paragraphs.
So notice again, we talked about
div's kinda like Tupperware, right?
In this particular case this Tupperware
is a different kind of Tupperware
from this one, all I'm saying is they're
both have some sort of grouping to them.
You kinda follow my logic there?
It's really circular I realize.
But eventually,
we'll start putting labels on these.
These are kinda like black
box Tupperwares, right?
You have no idea what the hell they are,
right?
But there's something in there,
and they're all alike.
I'll teach you how to mark your
Tupperware here in just a second.
In fact I believe it's the next slide.
>> Nina Zakharenko: It's like those
lunch boxes that have the little
Tupperwares inside.
>> Brian Holt: Yeah, exactly.
Bento boxes, kind of, right?
There you go.
We're making bento boxes.
I like that example too.
This is gonna make me
really hungry really fast.
So yeah.
That's kind of the idea here,
is we're grouping like things together.
Does that kind of make sense?
It's organizational, right?
Like I can remove this div right here, I
could remove this div right here as well,
in fact, all the div's could
be gone from this page, and
it would look exactly the same.
But here like,
even if I haven't told you what it is,
there's some grouping here,
some grouping going on.
This is going to, again,
to save you just bundles of time later.
These are very small examples when you
start working on a webpage that has 10,000
lines, right?
Grouping stuff together makes
it much easier to find the thing
that you're looking for.
>> Brian Holt: Okay.
Questions on that?
These are kind of best practices
kind of things as opposed to
requirement to make it display
what you want it to display.
As well later, when we start getting into
CSS, right, the grouping becomes very
important, right,
because I wanna separate my blog posts,
like I want to have them look different,
right?
So say I wanted to give
them a grey background
like split them 15 pixels from each other.
Those divs live say like, take this
group and separate it from this group.
So we're kind of building up to this,
I don't know
some grand reveal where it was like,
and surprise everything was useful.
Now, continue doing it.